good morning it's december 11
2020 and if you can believe it
it's a friday once again
here in l.a a
cloudy start very still right now
around 52 degrees fahrenheit
12 celsius
today i was thinking about
the rock festival woodstock
and a band called 10 years after
with alvin lee on vocals and guitar
and that night they played they were on
fire they were bringing back keeping
alive
the original rock and roll
try to hear the full
the full song i'm going home
by 10 years after
should be going up to a kind of a chilly
58 around 15 celsius this afternoon
and it looks like we'll have clouds
but later in the afternoon we might
start seeing
some blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day